>> Bianca Gandolfo: So here's our
little reference for how this works.
So let's create a function called curry.
Const curry = some function.
It takes a string.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Well,
let's save it like this for now.
Takes a function, that's what it takes,
snd then,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We need to get it to
work with this behavior but with just
two of them, we don't need to do this.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, just because for
this exercise I wanted to simplify it.
For everyone's,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Benefit really.
Okay, so we have a function.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And we need to return,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We need
to return a function.
We know that, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
when we call it return a function.
When we call it a second time,
we wanna save that value.
So we are going to need to be able to take
an argument there, for the first one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then we are gonna return another function,
we need to have a second argument,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There and
then once we get to that second argument,
then we can call our function
with both of those arguments.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: arg2,
we probably want to return it.
Alright, so shall we run this?
So the first thing that we do is we run
curry with our function name, okay.
So function name is ABC and
we return this function.
So curried now holds the value
of this function body here.
When we call it, well when we can, so
function is ABC and
then arg is going to be one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then we return this function.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We call it again.
We can do that,
because it returns a function, right?
Remember when we tried it before, and it
didn't work because it returned undefined?
Now it works because we are actually
returning a function and
we can do this little bit
where we do it twice in a row.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then we pass 2,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
because of scope,
we retain access to fn, arg, and
of course arg2, and so,
we're two levels deep.
We're calling our function with arg and
arg2 and returning that value.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And that's the basis
of implementing a curry function.
Obviously, it gets a little
bit more complicated when
you have varying numbers of inputs, right?
Longer arguments, right?
For this one,
we're just assuming there's two.
But if you can imagine,
if you don't know how many there are,
there's some looping involved, probably
some recursion, to get that to work.
But that's the basic value.
So we're just returning nested functions.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
any questions about this?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, okay and
the next one is compose.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's
get out our little example.
Just so we have something to run.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
get our word wrap, perfect.
So we have our compose function and for
this case we are going to do two as well.
So we are going to say const compose
equals function and
it is going to take two arguments.
OK, and
the first thing that needs to happen
is that we need to return a function,
so that we can call it later.
So let's set that up.
Let's return a function here and,
it needs to be able to
take some arguments here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Let's just
say it'll take one for now.
And then we wanna first call exclaim.
So that's the second one,
so we're going to call,
let's call this function 1 and function 2.
So let's call function 2, with our arg,
and we're going to
return that to a result.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then we are going
to be able to pass that result into
the original function.
The first function that we passed in, and
we're just going to return
whatever that returns.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
there you have it, so and
this isn't taking into consideration
a variable number of functions passed or
a variable number of arguments passed.
Similarly with curry, you would have to
probably,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You'd
have to keep track of how
many functions there are.
And then for args, here, this would be
a problem with an arrow function because
we'd probably would want to retain
access to the argument's key word.
So we'd need to use a regular function for
that.
Those are some considerations for
a more robust solution to compose.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But again so
here we're returning a function
with an argument passed in.
The second one.
In this one,
we're returning nested arrays until we get
everything that we need to
finally call our function.
We retain access because parameters
are just like local scope variables.
And yeah,
any questions about those solutions?
>> Speaker 2: So if we wanted to basically
generalize either of these we can get into
like storing arguments and
functions in an array.
And the arguments object and
then slicing it off one by one and
doing that recursively?
That's basically how you
would kind of go about it?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
well I think for,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: For this one,
if it wasn't an error function then
we had access to arguments array?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You could just,
you could really just
do it function apply.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: This, arguments.
That would make it general, but for this,
for calling each of those functions,
with the result of that function
would require some kind of loop.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Whether
it's a recursive loop or
a while loop [CROSSTALK] or something
like that or just or regular loop?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's
what you would have to do.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.